At this point, I am stretching the concept. This is the first that I genuinely don't believe that this note was strictly needed[^1] in terms of my current base interpretation of the atomic style. However, I think it's an exercise in seeing how I can unfold new meaning out of nothing, like I would in my usual non-atomic chronological dated entry-by-entry writing. It just so happens that the word "atomic" perfectly captures this concern of concept stretching and thresholding.

[^1]: "Strictly needed": at least according to the use of terminology and application of definition-making as I've known it in the course of my development from my more initial self-explorations in 2019 to my recent expansions and complications today. This qualification opens up room for growth in terms of how I understand any single use-term and, by extension, the use of concepts and words beyond the threshold and particular use-caseness that I've already developed as a working basis for continued production without hiccups and with extensible usefulness. That is because, to give a concrete picture example, I may consequently become a lot more "terminological," or more creatively neologistic, perhaps for the purpose of a higher level of precision and injection of meaning amidst even more ambitious syntactical—and, by extension, suggestive—complexity, which, even so, is shrouded in hard speculation.

> [!question] Self-Responses
> 1. interesting, They're not stretching Atomic at all in the sense of denying it. They're playing with it very directly and on point.